Avoid package dependencies on libraries in the shared framework (#106172)
dotnet/runtime: docs/coding-guidelines/libraries-packaging.md

Removing a library from the shared framework is a breaking change and should be avoided.

### References to libraries in the shared framework that produce packages

It's beneficial to avoid project references to libraries that are in the shared framework because it makes the package graph smaller which reduces the number of packages that require servicing and the number of libraries that end up being copied into the application directory.

> If a dependency is part of the shared framework a project/package reference is never required on the latest version (`NetCoreAppCurrent`).  A reference is required for previous .NET versions even if the dependency is part of the shared framework if the project you are building targets .NETStandard and references the project there.  You can avoid this by avoiding that dependency on .NETStandard if it's not needed (for example - if it is an implementation only depdency and you're building a PNSE assembly for .NETStandard).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a dependency is part of the shared framework, a project/package reference is never required on the latest version (`NetCoreAppCurrent`).  A reference is required for previous .NET versions even if the dependency is part of the shared framework if the project you are building targets .NETStandard and references the project there.  You can prevent this by avoiding that dependency on .NETStandard if it's not needed (for example - if it is an implementation only dependency and you're building a PNSE assembly for .NETStandard).
```

Author: I'll see about rewording this.
